a pension fund is supposed to provide
you with income when you retire today
people are living off their pension
funds and life goes on tomorrow however
will be a different story you came here
for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at pension funds and
their dismal performance let's begin
this report is out of Boston College
showing you the performance for 2016
they looked at 170 pension funds and
they track their performance let's look
at this state and local pension funded
ratios from 1990 to 2016 and you can see
the year over a year we have seen a
decline in how funded these pensions
really are look at this from basically
the year 2000 and onward we can see year
over here declines all of this despite
the fact that since the financial crisis
2009 the market should have risen but
instead we see this declining and that
shows you what I have talked about in
multiple occasions and that is this
pension funds and other financial
investments are there to simply siphon
your wealth away from you and into the
hands of the elite that is the projected
plan and it is working very well they
are stealing from people directly and
this is one very good example of that
and now for the highlight of the night
returns for state and local plans from
2001 to 2016 look at 2016 0.6%
returns despite the fact that the stock
market had risen and not just well in
2016 you could take that as an average
from this point onward the pension funds
should have risen but they
not they absolutely did not and surely
they came up after the financial crisis
which obviously had made it taking a
little nosedive and there was a little
bit of an increase here but overall it
has not increased at the level that the
equities have and that's where I see the
problem the market should have risen
higher according to these pension funds
the pension function of risen higher and
what does that tell you this is not
tracking the performance of equities and
have to ask you where is the money going
why is there less funding today than
there was before there is actually an
increase in the amount that people have
to pay into the pension funds and yet at
the same time they're getting less back
in the end it's a scam it's a Ponzi
scheme and it's being allowed to
continue simply because somebody on the
inside is making a lot of money
Teamsters face 31% pension cut decline
in the union membership has pummeled
private sector pensions so what we're
seeing here is yet another case of
pension funds being taken away or cut
from people this happens we back from
March of 2017 but we're looking at this
as a net another example it happened in
Portugal happened in Detroit multiple
occasions or pension funds were taken
away from people people rely on this to
live in fact in this article the person
says I moved from middle-class to poor
because of this and that's the reality
of this situation that individuals are
not wealthy individuals do not have many
savings and they rely on things like
their pension funds that's what scares
me about them and that's why I try to
tell people do not rely on this on these
type of investment you were told they
were safe you were told they were secure
and guess what
cut that's what could happen to any sort
of financial investment you don't know
you absolutely never know and that's why
I suggest to everybody prepare now
prepare for the worst hope for the best
and take matters into your own hands if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up I want to thank each
and every one of you for your support on
the last few videos there just to extend
my gratitude to everyone if you found
this video informative then I'd ask you
to give me a thumbs up it's very
important to do that when you subscribe
to the YouTube when you comment on these
it helps to basically push these videos
higher up into the YouTube search
rankings I appreciate that very much
now this here if you're interested in
the books then check out my website the
money GPS com
lots of free information there you can
flip through the books at Amazon the
links are in the description below
take care
if you're still here I just wanted to
cover one additional point and I've been
at a loss for words I spent a couple
hours investigating this and I wanted to
bring it to you I just told you about
YouTube censoring my videos and I'm
going to show you that right here not
suitable for all advertisers I got that
notification before and I saw a few
videos more recent videos that were
suffering from this and I thought well
it's okay because I've been very careful
with the wording that I've been using
with the tags that I've been using
keywords everything else just being
careful saying what I want to say
verbally but in in the text
not doing so and take this one for
example YouTube wants us to breakup and
not suitable for all advertisers they
know what's going on in fact I scroll
through this list and all of the videos
I talked about YouTube censoring me they
D monetize them just to clarify it's not
fully d monetized I may get a few
pennies and then look at this one if you
see what I wrote I purposely didn't
write North Korea
I didn't write kim jeong-hoon I just
wrote the word Kim but I also wrote
propaganda and that's probably the word
that got me there but in the tags if you
look at those there's nothing of a war
nothing about fight or attack or
anything that would trigger their
responses and somehow they're still
getting it I don't know how they do it
but they've done this I just heard that
we are change had most of their YouTube
videos demonetised
and there are now a large percentage of
my videos being demonetised as well not
not all of them of course at least not
yet I suppose that every day there will
add more to this and slowly try to
basically strangle me out of trying to
make this into a part of my business and
[Music]
you know it's stupid it really is
because the work that I do is not really
controversial if you think about it what
am I really
covering I'm covering data come your
statistics I'm showing you mainstream
media articles and somehow that's not
advertiser friendly but I'm sure that if
I went to CNN's YouTube channel look at
their videos they can say whatever the
hell they want they would have as many
advertisements as possible that's just
the way it works so I found it very very
interesting that you're look at this one
your pension fund is worthless why not
do this instead I basically talked about
you know preparing your own investments
there is nothing controversial about
that at all I talked about pension funds
but what an algorithm be able to tell
that your pension fund is worthless it
is that bad in any way why would that
seem that that's just my opinion
basically there's no reason to assume
that this would be something negative
and then if you look at what the terms
and conditions and everything else that
they talked about YouTube here it's
trying to get rid of terrorists or hate
to type videos these videos don't ever
get into that type of stuff you know I
barely barely even talked about Isis and
everything else like that that
what this channel is about is primarily
focused around financial content where I
look at the charts I look at mainstream
media and government documents white
papers research papers and everything
else why is that considered
controversial why the hell is YouTube D
monetizing my videos so what I did was I
clicked on a couple of these that were
definitely not something that would be
controversial and I said request review
actually the first one the top one
I said request a review and another one
down below where I can't even remember
what it was it was even less
controversial than that I want them to
come back to me I want them to tell me
that my video was controversial for what
reason because it's ridiculous
I'll do a full video about this when
they come back to me and when I figure
it out I really don't know I mean it's
it's great to have things like patreon
to have the donations to have steam and
everything else but YouTube it's a way
for me to make a few bucks for me to
share a message with a large group of
people that's what it allows me to do
that that's why I like YouTube YouTube
allows me to connect with you that's why
it's so cool but when they do something
like this it really aggravates me it
really upsets me you know it's a
double-edged sword I would never have
had fifty five thousand Plus subscribers
if it wasn't for YouTube if I tried to
do this you know just through my own
website you know there would be very few
people coming in YouTube allows me to
connect with you and I don't have to
charge you a single dime you could just
watch all the free information that I
provide I have something like twelve or
thirteen hundred videos now you never
have to buy a thing you can just watch
the videos I get a couple bucks my way
you get your free information and it's
all work you know but youtube is trying
to change that so basically trying to
say these people we don't want them on
you
let's have people talking about the most
stupid things I've ever seen in my life
they're all available on YouTube and yet
there are advertisements running before
each and every one of those stupid
videos that's what YouTube is doing
YouTube is really ruining things I don't
know what this is all about just because
they were advertising well my videos
were bringing in advertisers as well why
not just use better algorithms to get
videos that are more appropriate for my
videos to have advertisements that are
you know about gold and silver about
cryptocurrencies and maybe not goldman
sachs on my videos but something that's
sort of related you can do that you just
need better algorithms on your side not
to cut the advertising from my side
that's all for this video thank you very
much for all your support each and every
one of you I really appreciate that it
really means a lot to me take care